feat(platform/integrations): add Airtable integration guide (#1489)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/integrations/data-storage/airtable.md

---
title: Airtable integration
description: Learn how to integrate Apify with Airtable
sidebar_label: Airtable
sidebar_position: 4
slug: /integrations/airtable
---

**Learn how to integrate your Apify Actors with Airtable. This article shows you how to automatically upload results to your Airtable when an Actor run succeeds.**

---

[Airtable](https://www.airtable.com/)  is a cloud-based platform for organizing, managing, and collaborating on data. With Apify integration for Airtable, you can automatically upload Actor run results to Airtable after a successful run.

This integration uses OAuth 2.0, a secure authorization protocol, to connect your Airtable account to Apify and manage data transfers.

## Connect Apify with Airtable

To use the Apify integration for Airtable, ensure you have:

- An [Apify account](https://console.apify.com/)
- An [Airtable account](https://www.airtable.com/)

> ### Set up integration within Apify Console

Author: This and the title below (Set up Airtable integration) are a bit indistinguishable 🤔 
Could we change this one to `Set up Airtable connection` or `Set up connection within Apify Console`.

The issue is that we are using term "integration" in console for both webhooks and connections to the external services.

Reviewer: I think `Set up connection within Apify Console` works better

Author: Done.

---
title: Airtable integration
description: Learn how to integrate Apify with Airtable
sidebar_label: Airtable
sidebar_position: 4
slug: /integrations/airtable
---

**Learn how to integrate your Apify Actors with Airtable. This article shows you how to automatically upload results to your Airtable when an Actor run succeeds.**

---

## Get started

To use the Apify integration for Airtable, you will need:

- An [Apify account](https://console.apify.com/).

> - An Airtable account

Reviewer 2: Should this link to airtable website?

Reviewer: If there is no link anywhere earlier in document, this should definitely link to Airtable. 
If there is a link somewhere earlier, it could still be good idea to have a link here.

Author: Good point. Will definitely add the link.

> ## Get started
> 
> To use the Apify integration for Airtable, you will need:
> 
> - An [Apify account](https://console.apify.com/).
> - An Airtable account
> 
> ## Connect your Airtable account
> 
> In order to upload run results of your Actors to Airtable, you’ll need to connect your Airtable account and grant Apify the necessary permissions. Airtable uses OAuth 2.0, a web standard that allows Apify to integrate with your Airtable account securely and manage data transfers on your behalf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Airtable](https://www.airtable.com/)  is a cloud-based platform for organizing, managing, and collaborating on data. With Apify integration for Airtable, you can automatically upload Actor run results to Airtable after a successful run.

This integration uses OAuth2.0, a secure authorization protocol, to connect your Airtable account to Apify and manage data transfers.

## Connect Apify with Airtable

To use the Apify integration for Airtable, ensure you have:

- An [Apify account](https://console.apify.com/)
- An [Airtable account](https://www.airtable.com/)
```

> ### Follow the steps below to connect your Airtable account to Apify:
> 
> 1. Visit the [API & Integrations tab](https://console.apify.com/settings/integrations) in the Settings section of Apify Console.
> 
> 2. Scroll down to the **Account-level integrations** and click on the **Add account** button.
> 
>     ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/connect-account-1.png)
> 
> 3. From the list of available services, select **Airtable**.
> 
>     ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/connect-account-2.png)
> 
> 4. The OAuth 2.0 authorization flow will initiate, allowing you to securely connect your Airtable account.
> 
> 5. After authorization, you’ll be prompted to select the workspaces and bases you want to grant Apify access to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up integration within Apify Console

1. In Apify Console, go the [API & Integrations tab](https://console.apify.com/settings/integrations) in the **Setting**s section.
1. Under **Account-level integrations**, click **Add account**.
    ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/connect-account-1.png)
1. Select **Airtable** from the list of available services.
    ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/connect-account-2.png)
1. Follow the OAuth2.0 authorization flow to securely connect your Airtable account.
1. Grant Apify access to the workspaces and bases you want to use.
```

> ## Set up Airtable integration
> 
> 1. [Choose an Actor or Task](https://console.apify.com/actors) to integrate with Airtable and head to its **Integrations** tab.
> 
> 2. Click **Upload data to Airtable** to initiate the integration setup.
> 
>     ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/set-up-integration-1.png)
> 
> 3. Select a connected Airtable account and choose the base where the integration will upload run results.
> 
> 4. Enter a table name. A new table will be created for each execution of this integration. To ensure uniqueness, use dynamic variables. If a table with the same name already exists, a random token will be appended.
> 
>     ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/set-up-integration-2.png)
> 
> 5. Save the integration. Once your Actor runs, you’ll see its results uploaded to Airtable.
> 
>     ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/set-up-integration-3.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Set up Airtable integration

1. [Choose an Actor or Task](https://console.apify.com/actors) to integrate with Airtable.
1. Go to the **Integrations** tab and click **Upload data to Airtable**.
    ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/set-up-integration-1.png)
1. Select a connected Airtable account and choose the base where the Actor run results will be uploaded.
1. Enter a table name. A new table will be created for each execution of this integration. To ensure uniqueness, use dynamic variables. If a table with the same name already exists, a random token will be appended.
    ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/set-up-integration-2.png)
1. Save the integration. Once your Actor runs, you’ll see its results uploaded to Airtable.
    ![Airtable integration](../images/airtable/set-up-integration-3.png)
```
